all services of the Nizhny Novgorod region were
alerted in one of the villages
10-year-old disappeared in Lyskovsky
boy
about three days he did not appear at home and
according to the neighbors, the cause of the problem
in the family, I myself saw the head and in the ass
so here but you can shake well and
blamed for all of the water is also not serve well,
how do you say it like that
beat so just won he went to me
said dosage
I can no longer can no longer play at
I take in this window you want gas
I can't live more snow
they would be killed the boy so he will not let him
began to steal climbed here on the windows
stole sweets my neighbors in the window
climbed u she caught him at home on
cat climbed climbed to me not so much, and
you can already eat something and just eat
eat and run yes I ate today I
drawing or he chowder
they leave everything even a crust
bread then wanted a pediatric motive doctor
did not touch did not hit and
only a few days later the boy
managed to find home to go he flatly
refused therefore the child temporarily
placed in a boarding school do you want to
Parent return to mouth is better
lower year
we have a t-shirt there
offended and why she said at first
me with a broom by and then hands with fists
then pushed I fell and kicked on
changed the menu and natural traitors
video no less shouted
still in the service of the orphanage book and me
soul and other tank began
yesterday we talked with him and he expressed
desire will show without parents on how he
in general, but you do not wish not live
by the way the whole situation in the boy's family
took control of the investigative committee
in fact what happened there spend
check